---
layout: post
title: "Disco Tray Week 4 Post"
categories: Disco Tray
author: Colten Berry
---

<p>This week I was tasked with giving our app a unified theme. When I started this task I was not sure exactly how themes worked in Flutter. I have been pretty uninterested in the styling of pages and I usually try to pass this kind of work off to my peers while I work on the functionality of the app. So this was completely different from anything that I had previously done. After reading documentation for a bit, I tried implementing it with some success. After a while, I remembered that the Hendrix Today app had a well done theme, so I used that as a template for what I should be doing in Faulkner Footsteps. I have found that the theme of our app is very far from unified. The colors are often slightly different shades that are almost impossible to notice without looking for differences. Additionally, I swear that some colors look darker on the navigation bar than they do on the app bar even though they are without a doubt the same exact color in the code.</p>
<p>Flutter will automatically style certain widgets based on your theme and I think that is very cool. If you would like to override this preset and style a widget individually, that is a hassle free option as well. I wish I would have realized this was a thing when I started on the app, because this would have saved me some trouble. Some of the automatic stlying is a little tricky, especially the onPrimary and onSecondary since it can feel random when they actually apply, but I appreciate the feature nonetheless. However, since I do not know what will be automatically colored and what I have to go through and color manually, the conversion to a new unified theme is taking a while. I don't want to recolor everything, then test it and realize that it didn't actually color the way I thought and now I don't remember what it used to look like. To avoid this, I recolor one thing and then test it to make sure it works how I thought, then I move on to the next</p>
<p>It may be worth it to make a seperate style for the Admin page since it uses slightly different colors. I will think more about this when I get there.</p>