---
layout: post
title: "Disco Tray Week 1 Post"
categories: Disco Tray
author: Colten Berry
---


<p>This week, I reintroduced myself to Flutter and the Faulkner Footsteps mobile app. The code for the app is not as clean as I remember and there are multiple instances of classes that should have code removed and turned into their own widgets. The admin page is a great example of this and so the list page could probably be modularized as well. So I am slightly disappointed in myself for letting the code end up like this last year, but I was still relatively new to software development so as long as I learn from this I am happy. </p>
<p>Flutter has gone through a few updates, so most of the time I spent this week was focused on updating flutter and getting it to work properly. There were multiple warnings about compatablility issues with Gradle, Kotlin, and something else that I cannot remember. It was a bit of a pain having to tweak the versions so everything lined up, but I finally got it working with minimal issues. I have run into an odd issue where if I use the flutter run command the flutter will launch an earlier version. It will launch the current version upon a hot restart, but this is a very annoying issue. I plan on doing a little researach this week to see if there is anything I can do to fix this. </p>
<p>I fixed a few issues this week. The first was getting rid of the back arrow when the user navigates away from the landing page. I had to use the router to find where exactly we were calling the new page then I had to use a different method on the Navigator to destroy the old path so the arrow wouldn't appear anymore. There were a few hiccups in this, mostly relating to figuring out how the login and sign up page worked, but I got it done. Additionally, I fixed an issue that I found where sites with multiple filters would duplicate. I revised the logic and used a Set so that duplicates are impossible. I attempted to fix the duplicate filter chips issue, but it doesn't always appear so I am not sure if I actually fixed it or not. Finally, I found the reason why newly added sites don't immediately appear on the list page. It is because display sites is a local variable, so it does not update when appstate updates. I am hoping to find a solution to this during our Disco Tray meeting today. </p>
<p>Finally, I emailed our community partner hoping to get a complete list of historical sites we can add to the app. If they do not have a list, I have offered Dylan and I's time to help researching appropriate sites.</p> 